# Send-CO2-data-wirelessly

This design system includes two parts: carbon dioxide reading module (from here out: CDR) and wearable breath simulation (from here out: WBS). A MH-Z19B NDIR infrared gas module was adopted in the CDR part that reads the carbo dioxide level (ppm). This sensor is placed in the flowerpot surrounded by the green radish's leaves. Similar to GrowthTouch, nRF24 was also considered this system to send carbo dioxide reading from CDR to WBS. In the WBS part, we used an air bag to represent the 'lung' of plant. The air bag’s size is changing according to the photosynthesis effectiveness. To control the size of the air bag, a mechanical structure was designed to push and pull the plunger, which pump and deflate the balloon. The mechanical structure includes a N20 motor and a rack putter that can drive the plunger to move vertically. The system was programed to push and pull the plunger all the time, while the distance (that determines the size of the air bag) and the velocity (that determine the air bag’s rate of the change) of the plunger that moves are influenced by the photosynthesis effectiveness. The lower the carbo dioxide level is, the higher the photosynthesis effectiveness is, which leads to bigger and faster change of the air bag, and vice versa.

BreathTogether's interaction process started with the reading of the carbon dioxide level from plant's side. The nRF24 module will send the real time data to the WBS part on the wearer. The air bag is designed to be placed on the chest of the wearer, which is the same position of human's lung. This is aimed to provide an intimate connection from 'inside': the wearer is breathing with his/her own lung and feeling the other lung's breathing powered by the plants at the same time.
